Adding information about restarts (#13)
canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap: README.md

with existing, unmodified commercial radio hardware.<br>
For more information on Magma please visit the [official website](https://magmacore.org/).

> **WARNING:** Installing this snap will affect your computer's networking configuration.
> Make sure it is installed on designated hardware (personal computers are strongly discouraged).

### System requirements

**Hardware (baremetal strongly recommended)**

- Processor: x86-64 dual-core processor (around 2GHz clock speed or faster)
- Memory: 4GB RAM
- Storage: 32GB or greater SSD

**Networking**

- At least two ethernet interfaces (SGi and S1)
- Internet connectivity from SGi interface

**Operating System**

- Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
  ([Ubuntu installation guide](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/installation-guide/amd64/index.html))

## Usage

> Unless specified otherwise, all actions in this guide are executed using `root` account.

Reviewer: Is there a place where it is specified otherwise? If not let's start with the 'All actions...`

Author: Agreed.

### 1. Install

> **NOTES:**<br>

> > 1. Installation progress can be monitored at all times using `journalctl`.

Reviewer: Is this note still needed since we have the `After the system restarts, reconnect to the system and use journalctl to continue monitoring the 
installation process.` message

Author: Makes sense. 
Removed.

with existing, unmodified commercial radio hardware.<br>
For more information on Magma please visit the [official website](https://magmacore.org/).

> **WARNING:** Installing this snap will affect your computer's networking configuration.
> Make sure it is installed on designated hardware (personal computers are strongly discouraged).

### System requirements

**Hardware (baremetal strongly recommended)**

- Processor: x86-64 dual-core processor (around 2GHz clock speed or faster)
- Memory: 4GB RAM
- Storage: 32GB or greater SSD

**Networking**

- At least two ethernet interfaces (SGi and S1)
- Internet connectivity from SGi interface

**Operating System**

- Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
  ([Ubuntu installation guide](https://help.ubuntu.com/lts/installation-guide/amd64/index.html))

## Usage

> > **NOTE**: Unless specified otherwise, all actions in this guide are executed using `root`

Reviewer: I think this does not need to be a Note, just regular text since it really has to be read.

Author: I actually thought notes are cool for handling things like that, because they catch your eye better than the regular text.
I've changed it to regular text for better consistency though.

> account.

### 1. Install

> **NOTES:**<br>

> > 1. To see the list of currently supported configuration options, execute:

Author: Done.

> ```bash
> magma-access-gateway.install --help
> ```

> > 2. Installation progress can be monitored at all times using `journalctl`.

Reviewer: Note 2 can be removed if you agree with my recommendation below. `journalctl` is absolutely needed so I wouldn't put it as a note.

Reviewer: In the end, we would only have the content of note 3 here.

Author: Please see my comment below - in general I agree, but at this point, we can't eliminate `journalctl` as it's the only place which will have all the logs.
I'll remove this note in the [new version](https://github.com/canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap/pull/14) in which we can easily print everything to console.

> 3. Installation process will perform **at least one** system restart at the end of the process.
Depending on given installation options/initial system state, another restart may be required
to apply network configuration changes. All restarts will be carried out by the installer. All
restarts will be reported in the journal.

Connect to the machine where you want to install Magma Access Gateway and execute the following 
commands:

```bash
snap install magma-access-gateway --classic
magma-access-gateway.install
```

> When system restart happens, reconnect to the server to continue monitoring of the installation 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the system restarts, reconnect to the system and use `journalctl` to continue monitoring the installation process. A successful installation will be indicated by the `Magma AGW deployment completed successfully!` message.
```

Author: Done.

process.

Successful Magma AGW installation will be indicated by the `Magma AGW deployment completed 
successfully!` message printed to the journal.

### 2. Configure

Fetch `rootCA.pem` certificate from Orchestrator, upload it to the Access Gateway host and execute:

```bash
magma-access-gateway.configure --domain <Orc8r domain> --root-ca-pem-path <path to Root CA PEM>
```

> Successful Magma AGW configuration will be indicated by the `Magma AGW configuration done!` message

Reviewer: This could just be an output to console no? Let's try to limit the necessity to use journalctl.

Author: Well, if the installation process is running in the background (as it does if we need to restart for applying networking changes), then there's no way to print any messages to console. In [new version](https://github.com/canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap/pull/14) using netplan, where networking changes can be applied on-the-fly, we'll have all messages in console.

Reviewer: Well this is right after the `magma-access-gateway.configure`, is it supposed to run in the background? Can't we print to the console here?

Author: I'm stupid :D
Fixed.

printed to the journal.

### 3. Verify the deployment

Run the following command:

```bash
magma-access-gateway.post-install
```

Successful Magma AGW deployment check will be indicated by the `Magma AGW post-installation checks 

> finished successfully.` message printed to the journal.

Reviewer: This could just be an output to console no? Let's try to limit the necessity to use journalctl.

Author: Well, if the installation process is running in the background (as it does if we need to restart for applying networking changes), then there's no way to print any messages to console. In [new version](https://github.com/canonical/magma-access-gateway-snap/pull/14) using netplan, where networking changes can be applied on-the-fly, we'll have all messages in console.

Reviewer: This is right after the `magma-access-gateway.post-install` command, are we still expecting restarts?
